# See: http://code.google.com/p/arduino/wiki/Platforms

menu.cpu=Processor
menu.Frequency=Frequency
menu.Security=Security
menu.MuliCommand=Multicommand
menu.LogOutput=Logging
menu.NVMClean=Erase NVM
##############################################################
zuno.name=Z-Wave>ME Z-Uno

zuno.vid.0=0x0658
zuno.pid.0=0x0200
zuno.vid.1=0x0658
zuno.pid.1=0x0000

zuno.upload.tool=zprog
zuno.upload.protocol=usb
zuno.upload.maximum_size=32256
zuno.upload.maximum_data_size=0
zuno.upload.speed=115200

zuno.bootloader.tool=zprog
zuno.bootloader.low_fuses=0xFF
zuno.bootloader.high_fuses=0xDE
zuno.bootloader.extended_fuses=0x05
zuno.bootloader.unlock_bits=0x3F
zuno.bootloader.lock_bits=0x0F
zuno.bootloader.file=none

zuno.build.mcu=zuno
zuno.build.f_cpu=16000000L
zuno.build.board=zuno
zuno.build.core=zuno
zuno.build.variant=
zuno.build.vid=0x2341
zuno.build.pid=0x8039
zuno.build.usb_product="Z-UNO"
zuno.build.extra_flags=

zuno.menu.Frequency.Ru = Russian
zuno.menu.Frequency.Eu = Europe
zuno.menu.Frequency.Us = USA
zuno.menu.Frequency.In = India
zuno.menu.Frequency.Il = Israel
zuno.menu.Frequency.ANz = Australia & New Zealand, Brazil
zuno.menu.Frequency.Ch = China
zuno.menu.Frequency.Hk = Hong Kong
zuno.menu.Frequency.Jp = Japan
zuno.menu.Frequency.Kr = Korea


zuno.menu.Frequency.Ru.build.rf_freq = RU
zuno.menu.Frequency.Eu.build.rf_freq = EU
zuno.menu.Frequency.Us.build.rf_freq = US
zuno.menu.Frequency.In.build.rf_freq = IN
zuno.menu.Frequency.Il.build.rf_freq = IL
zuno.menu.Frequency.ANz.build.rf_freq = ANZ
zuno.menu.Frequency.Ch.build.rf_freq = CN
zuno.menu.Frequency.Hk.build.rf_freq = HK
zuno.menu.Frequency.Jp.build.rf_freq = JP
zuno.menu.Frequency.Kr.build.rf_freq = KR

zuno.menu.Security.Off = Disabled
zuno.menu.Security.On = S0
zuno.menu.Security.On2 = S2

zuno.menu.Security.Off.build.security = 0
zuno.menu.Security.On.build.security = 1
zuno.menu.Security.On2.build.security = 2

zuno.menu.MuliCommand.Off = Disabled
zuno.menu.MuliCommand.On = Enabled
zuno.menu.MuliCommand.Off.build.multicmd = 0
zuno.menu.MuliCommand.On.build.multicmd = 1

zuno.menu.LogOutput.Off = Disabled
zuno.menu.LogOutput.Radio = Radio
zuno.menu.LogOutput.UART0 = UART0
zuno.menu.LogOutput.RUART = Radio + UART0
zuno.menu.LogOutput.Off.build.log_mode 		= 0
zuno.menu.LogOutput.Radio.build.log_mode 	= 1
zuno.menu.LogOutput.UART0.build.log_mode 	= 2
zuno.menu.LogOutput.RUART.build.log_mode 	= 3

zuno.menu.NVMClean.Off=Disabled
zuno.menu.NVMClean.User=User Space
zuno.menu.NVMClean.System=System Space
zuno.menu.NVMClean.All=All
zuno.menu.NVMClean.Off.build.nvm_clean=off
zuno.menu.NVMClean.User.build.nvm_clean=user
zuno.menu.NVMClean.System.build.nvm_clean=system
zuno.menu.NVMClean.All.build.nvm_clean=all





